I told you that even though the Qin army was in front of me
You have to answer honestly.
Master Qin, do you believe it now?
Letter.
How is that possible?
What status do you have?
Do you need to arrest this boy?
Let the lady send it.
What are you doing?
I'm the adopted daughter of the chief princess.
Your Majesty made himself King An Ninh.
Princess Yoshiko
So that's it.
The old man understands.
You are that unrighteous animal.
General Qin
I'm the adopted daughter of the chief princess.
Aren't you a general under the princess?
How can you say that to me?
Yes, General.
Why do your elbows still turn outward?
The Susan River
You dare to say one more thing.
Even you took it.
The old general was angry.
I'll shut up.
What the hell is this?
How could even the General
They're all standing next to this village woman.
Does she have a identity that we don't know about?
If there is a deep foundation.
How can you bear all the shame of adoption?
Hey.
You're worried.
Even if she has a solid foundation.
There's Liu Truong Jing and Qin Bai Quan supporting her.
So what?
Remove the order.
Shredding the sacred thread, princess, this is not a great sin to lose your head.
Especially humiliating the chief princess.
This is to touch Your Majesty against the scales.
She's going to die.
Lord Wang is right.
As long as we move forward together.
Take this.
Maybe in an invincible position.
Thank you, Wei.
I can't believe this woman.
There's a lot of people supporting her.
It's disdainful of her.
But she dared openly to tear up the sacred
She must know the majesty of the royal family.
Inviolability.
When the king and the princess arrived.
It was a moment of failure for this group of people.
Your Majesty is unique.
Haha.